Show type test pattern without constructied identifier (#15451)
dotnet/docs: docs/fsharp/language-reference/pattern-matching.md

[!code-fsharp[Main](~/samples/snippets/fsharp/lang-ref-2/snippet4816.fs)]

> The `as identifier` part of the pattern is not necessary if you are only checking if an identifier is of a particular derived type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you're only checking if an identifier is of a particular derived type, you don't need the `as identifier` part of the pattern, as shown in the following example:
```
